docs: faq update (#2889)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/FAQ.md

* [Troubleshooting for vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html#troubleshooting)
* [Troubleshooting for single-node VictoriaMetrics](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#troubleshooting)

## How can I run VictoriaMetrics on FreeBSD/OpenBSD?

> VictoriaMetrics is included in [OpenBSD](https://github.com/openbsd/ports/blob/master/infrastructure/db/user.list#L383)/[FreeBSD](https://www.freebsd.org/cgi/ports.cgi?query=victoria&stype=all) ports so just install it from there or use pre built binaries from [releases page](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/releases) (starting from [v1.79.0](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/CHANGELOG.html#v1790)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VictoriaMetrics is included in [OpenBSD](https://github.com/openbsd/ports/blob/c1bfea520bbb30d6e5f8d0f09115ace341f820d6/infrastructure/db/user.list#L383) and [FreeBSD](https://www.freebsd.org/cgi/ports.cgi?query=victoria&stype=all) ports so just install it from there or use pre-built binaries from [releases page](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/releases).
```
